42 The ΛΒΤ of

m'ong reducing BodieS, that is, among those which'
restore Metals‚ howsoever destroyed, to their metal-
lick Form: For it reduces into one Mass of Re-
galus, not the destroyed MetaIS, but only the scat- .
tered Par ticles of them.

· 137. There are other neutral Salts, used for the
promoting the Fufion of Metals: But they are seldom
alone, and almost always mixed with Bodies of the
reducing Kind only, of which we 111311 sp eal< soon.
For these alone almost always di1niniss1ps0mething
from the groffer Metals in Fire, or even change them
altogether. Of this Kind are common Salt, Glass-Gall
and Nit’re. However, of these Nitre is most to be
avoided ε It is true, it promotes very well the melt-
ing of Gold and Silver ·‚ but as it, on the contrary,
causes a Detonation with the sulphurous Part of the
coarse Metals‚ which is not so intimately mixed, it
changes them into Calxs, most commonly very diffi-
cuit to be melted ·, which may be eafily experienced
in Copper‚ Iron, Lead, and Tin, mixed with an equal
Qiantity of Nitre, and thrown into a red hot Cru-
cible. Salt Ammoniack is also now and then used by
Affiyers: Though its Dese& may be eafily supplied,
sometimes with common San, sometimes with Nitre.
For it seldom is used, except in the two Cases above-
mentioned (ᾗ 128. and 135 ) viz. For the making of
Aqua Regis, or for the coIOuring of Gold: And the
10111161 may be very well obtained with common Sall,
and the latter with Nitre. For which same Reason,
we have not mentioned Salt Ammoniac in our first

Chapter.

Of S u L Ρ H u R, coffdered as cz Menstruum.

138. Here we do not understand by Sulphur any
inflammable Matter whatever (§ 24) ς but that Mat-
ter only which is mixed with the Acid of Vitriol. Such
13 common fcffile Brimstone, which, in regard to the
Acid mixed with it, has quite other Qalities, than ’
311 unmixed oily Principle.

139. The

2

