AssAYING METALS. 59

Put the Ashes just mentioned, and rnoistened in the
same Manner (ᾗ 178.) as was said about Coppels,
into this veffe13 so that it may be half full of them:
Then press thern with a wooden indented Pestle‚
(Plat. Ι. 1713. XII.) or (if you are making but a
small Test) with only a wooden Cylinder an ineh
thick. When preffed, add upon· them some other
Affies‚ to be preffed in the same manner, till the
earthen Vessel be almost quite full: Remove the su-
perfluous Assies with an Iron Rule. (3.) Let the In-
equalities remaining at the Border be smoothed with·
a wooden-Ball rolled about: This done, eut the Ca-
vity with a bowed Iron (Plat. I. Ρ13. IX.) that you
may have a broad spherical Segment, not very deep.
(4.) With a Sieve, strew this Cavity with dry Assies
of Bones of AnimalS‚ ground extremely fine (ξ 175.)
and to be squeezed hard by the rotat-ion of the
wooden-Ball, Thus you will have a Test, which, to·
gether with its earthen Pot, must be put in aldi-y
warm Place.

Another Mamer.

185. Let an iron-Ring (Plat. I. Fig. VIII.) be
filled with Ashes like those already mentioned
(§ 183.) in such manner, that they may rise confide-
rably above the said Ring·‚ then press thern strong-
ly with your Hands, or with an indented Pestle
(Plat. I. [Γ13. XII.) (2.) Then, with gentle Blows
of a Hamuwr, press the Assies from the Circumfe-
rence towards the Center in a spiral Line, andin
such manner that, after having been sufficiently
preffed, they may be a small matter higher than the
Brink of the Ring: Or, if there meVacancies, empty

the Ring, and fill it again with more Ashes: For if 1

you add ever so little of AssieS‚ the second put in
do not cohere so strongly with the first, but they
may separate in the Operation. (3.) This done,
turn the Ring upside down, and on the other fide
7¹‹1e the Aihes out, to the Qantity of one third

Part

