ASSAYING METALS. 81

the Fornace3 that they may fall together, and thus
aet in a proper Mamer, and equally.

, 236. However5 you are to oblerve, concerning
the Regimen of the Fire just described (ᾗ 235) [hott
though the Apparatus is made with all the issxacmels
mentioned, nevertheless the Effe& does not always
answer it : The Cause of which Dillerence has molt
commonly its Origin in the various Dispofitions of
the Air. For as every Fire is more excited by Coals
in proportion‚ as the Air more condensed, and* more
quickly agitated‚ strikes them more violently (which
the Effe‘et of Bellows plainly shews) it thence ap-
pe‘airS, that in warm and wet Weathers, when the
Atmosphere is light, the Fire must he less efficacioris
in Furnace53 that likewise, when several Furii-dees
fituated near each other, are burning at the same
Time, the Fire is in part suffocated3 because the am-
bient Air is thereby rendered more rare and lighten
The same Effe& is produced by the Son, especially
in Summer-time, when it ssiines upon the Place where
the Furnace is fituated. The Atmosphere, on the
contrary, being heavier in cold dry &Veathess excites
a very great Fire.

237. The Heat of the Fire afts the stronger upon
the Bodies to be changed, as the Mnffel put in the
Furnace is less3 as the said Muffel has more and
larger Segments cut out of it ·, as the Sides of this
Muffel are thinner 3 in short, as there are more Ves-
sels placed in the hinder Part of the Muffel 3 and on
the contrary.

238. In this Case, when many of the Conditions
requifite for the exciting of Fire are wanting, then
indeed the Artificer‚ with all his Skffl, will hardly
be able to excite the Fire to a sufficient Degree, in
order to perform Operations well, in common Affay-
ovens, even though he uses Bellows‚ and puts Coals
into the upper Door ot'the Fornace. For this Rea-
·son, 1 have put the Grate almost three Inches below
the Muffel, lest the Air rushing through the Ash-
hole, ,should cool the Bottom of ,the Muffel‚ which

β happens

