*264 The ΛΒΤ of

PROCESS XXIII.

The Silver remaining (PrOC. XXI. N⁰. 3.) retains mee-

thing of Gold in it ·‚ and the Gold remaining (Proc.
XXII. ΝΟ. 2.) somethingof Silver.

APPARATU&

iz. F the Silver which (Proc. XXI. N⁰. 3.) remains
under the Form ofa white Calx, is diffolved in
the purest Aqua Fortis, there will remain at Bottorn
a small Qantity osa Powder not diffolved‚ and ofa
dark Colour ; but the Part os it which melts into a
Regulus and proves to be Gold, is extreamly small.

2. [f the Gold out of which Silver has been cor-
roded 'oy Aqua Fortis (Pr-oc. XXII.) is diffolved in
Aqua Regis according to Proc. XXI, it leaves at the
Bottom of the Veffel a small Qantity of white filver

Clalxc} {ghich the quza Fortis had not corrodcd from
tie o .

‘Ihe by} and Reastms of the Procefi.

1. Evcry Thing is plain in the two forcgoing Pro-
ceffes : But, the Aqua Fortis or Aqua Regis are more
or less pure, and ofa proper Strength, according as
they are more or less frequently poured recent upon
the Mixture, and left to a& a due Time upon the
remaining Metal with a sufficient Heat. In short, the
tgrleater og Ῑὲίῖειὲ the Thgckssess <gf }he smag ΡΙέῑεε of

1ver an o rs, an t eir ur ace ren ere more
or less clean by the Fire 3 the more or less of the
Metal to be corroded by a proper corrofive VVater,
rcrnains undiffolved in the Refidue of the Mixture.

2. If, therefore, you would have either of these Me-
tals perfeffly pure ; this must be corroded off from
the other by its stlenstrzmm : Gold, for Instance‚
out of Silver by Aqua Regis, and Silver out of Gold
by Aqua Fortis .· Eut the> Refidue of the corrocigd

Bo y

