362 The ART of

happens some Difference, between the Calx’ s prepared
(Pmc LXI.) for, more or leis Reg ulus may be ie-

duced out of one or the other, not 0only with regard
to the crude Antiniony, but also with respest to the
Calx you make Use of. For Instanee, you will ob-
tain, after the Reduffion, above one Pound of Re-
gulus, out of one Pound and an half of crude Anti-
mony either alone, or roasted with Charcoal-dust3
unless you have committed sorne Mistake, by making
too great or too long lasting a Fire, or by using im-
pure Antimony : For, by the first Method‚ you will
prepare pure, unmixed Calx of Antimony, by the
Diffipation of the mineral Sulphur and the Phlogis-
ton, · but you cannot prepare any Calx striffly so
called by the second Method, that ιε, with Charcoz-il

dust3 because, a pure Phlogiston, that is, one desti-
tute of Acid of Sulphur, has been continually sup·

plied, during the Diffipation of the mineral Sulphur:

Therefiore, in this Case, the reguline Part cannot
have been burnt into a true Cczlx3 but, being only
separated, ithad merely a salse Appearance ofa Calx :
For, if you take this out of the roasting Fire in
proper Time, and expose it to a melting Fire in a
V3effel it does not melt into GlasS, but into a Re-
gulas, not so abundant however, as if fresh reducing
Powder had been added. But, it is always proper,

when you are to prepare an abundant Reg ·,2{lus or a
fine Glass, to chuse that Part of the crude Antimony,
which in the running down (Proc. LX.) got into the
lower Part of the Recipient ·‚ sor it is purer, more
reguline, and less sulphureous3 whereas that in the
upper Part proves less reguline, and more sulphureous
and terrestrial: On which Account it appears less
compa& and shining than the foregoing, and much
lighter, because full of small Bubbles.

2. Before you reduce the Calx’s made by a Detona·
tion with Nitre, you must previoussy edulcorate them
perfeffly. · Otherwise, you obtain a n·uch lefl'er
Qiantity of Regulus, with regard both to the crude

Antimony and to the Calr itseifs because, when yffi
ι(

